1. I chose Flask for the API because I am familiar with it and there are plenty of online resources available. I used Python because I know Python well and for making and API, I felt Python would be easy and relatively short compared to a program written in something like C.

2. I think my solution of using global dictionaries to store most of my information is advantageous to other solutions because when someone is reading the code, it is easy to see what is going on. Also, the information is stored efficiently. I approached the problem by setting up a dict for the total points from each payer and a dict for the transactions. This allowed me to go through each transaction while keeping track of the total points per payer. The disadvantage of my solution is that there are a lot of if-else statements as I have to check if the key is already in the dict before I edit the corresponding value. Besides that, I don't think my solution has any obvious disadvantages, besides that the runtime in Python might be slower than other languages like C. However, in my opinion, Python is much easier to read from an outside perspective, so this is a fair trade off.

3. My favorite project I have ever worked on would be the startup I joined, founded by an Ex-Amazon employee from my hometown. He recruited me shortly after founding the company, as he knew of my coding ability and wanted someone to help him. The startup was a residential parking app that allowed homeowners to rent out their driveways by the hour, which users could pay to park in. This is very useful for sporting events, concerts, local events, or just everyday parking. With us being the only two Software Engineers, we were faced with many challenges that we had to take on as a team. I had never worked on a project of such a scale, so it was a challenge to get accustomed to so many intricate moving parts working together, such as database requests, API calls, and just internal code. Only having us two to code also increased out responsibility, since if I failed at my job then the problem would fall directly into my partner's hands. This was stressful at times but I was more motivated to learn fast and get the work done. From a marketing perspective we also faced difficulties as we had to assemble a team, find massive amounts of potential clients, market to them, and face many rejections along the way. We put the project on hold as investor interest was low and us and our marketing team got too busy in school and other parts of life, but we hope to pick up the project sometime in the future. It was a great learning experience and taught me what it takes to make a working, enjoyable product that makes customers and clients happy.